Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You a couple peaceful taking a nap there.
Kiara O’Neil: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I see you look peaceful taking a nap there.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, I was kind of close my eyes a little bit. Oh, I'm sorry. Hold on.
Oh, okay.
Kiara O’Neil: All right.
Kiara O’Neil: I had my alarm go off again. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's fun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely has the. How you doing, how's your days.
Kiara O’Neil: I'm sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what
Kiara O’Neil: Nothing. Nothing to really like complain about. But it's not like super fantastic or anything, but you know it's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything is going along smoothly.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
And
Kiara O’Neil: One of the girls at my work, she was talking about how some of us might have to go to the main hospital, the one that made her to possibly work. They're kind of like doing inpatient stuff to kind of train for in cases, the whole coven 19 thing breaks out and they need people to work.
Kiara O’Neil: You know, if it gets really hectic, I guess. So I'm really hoping that doesn't happen because I don't want to work because you know if you're doing like inpatient stuff they they're open 24 seven
Kiara O’Neil: Yo,
Kiara O’Neil: I'm not working, like, you know, just weekdays eight to 430 kind of thing I have to work, whatever time and day they told me to work. And I'm like, I want to do that.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, so
Kiara O’Neil: I really hope that doesn't happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because setting your schedule and you know when they want you to change it to UNKNOWN hours at unknown times. It just feels like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about the call center. They were want you guys to go to the train to the call center any
Kiara O’Neil: Know they they kind of put it out there were there were kind of like we're looking for people and stuff and then
Kiara O’Neil: Maybe like a week or so after that, they also put out something like, hey, if you want to work as an impatient at me. Third, let us know. And I didn't put any of my information towards both of them. And I guess the guy that was
Kiara O’Neil: He was one of the new guys actually the only guy who's an MSA, like myself, and he volunteered to go over there and then like a week or two ago, I found out I think it was last week.
Kiara O’Neil: I found out that they're making or they're doing like time and a half or they're yeah they're making time and a half. So they you get extra money for working over there, but
Kiara O’Neil: To me that's not necessarily worth it.
Kiara O’Neil: I just don't like
Kiara O’Neil: They're like, hey, we're time and a half. And you are like a work this crappy shift and done that it will give you time and a half, you know, so I'm not really. I don't want to do it. I hope I don't have to. But obviously, if I'm forced to do it. I gotta do it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so one guy went
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah. And he actually likes it, but you know he's new and this is all new to him and you don't have like patients, talking to you, and you're not like calling people. So it's kind of more of like a
Kiara O’Neil: Like almost at your own pace. Like, you can kind of do your own thing. It's a lot of computer work type stuff. But, you know,
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, exactly what they all do over there. I just know it's probably
Kiara O’Neil: Doing like taking patients in that are being checked in that are, you know, doing inpatient stuff. Like if somebody has to stay in the hospital for a week or two, or whatever it is.
Kiara O’Neil: They probably do the process for that. And then when somebody is being discharged. They do the discharge stuff so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil: That's my guess. So I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And sometimes, you know, discharge paperwork or into intake paperwork can be
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stacks, you know. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, and he's working strange hours or is he working
Kiara O’Neil: Well, the last time I checked, he was working 6am to 230 or three o'clock or something.
Kiara O’Neil: And I haven't talked to him. Since that time, and that was last week. So, and then that's when I found out about the time and a half thing because that's what he you know
Kiara O’Neil: We have like this group chat thing and it like pops up on your screen when we log in and it like keeps the conversation, which is good because normally we use Skype for Business.
Kiara O’Neil: And
Kiara O’Neil: We do I am but once you turn off your computer and move computers, it goes away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So this
Kiara O’Neil: Other thing I forgot what it's called but it's basically kind of like an I am but it stays on your computer. It doesn't matter how long it is. I don't know how long it stays
Kiara O’Neil: On the pier, but it stays in this little program. So you can if you move computers, it stays on there and you can still see what people are saying and stuff so
Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, like a little like a chat forum like a
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, yeah. Exactly, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, I'm just trying to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Figure out what's going on with my plug
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're up a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Out there it is. Haha. We had a where I'm at the lady. One of the ladies that lives here. She has this bird and it's white and it's got yellow on its feathers appear and it hit it's me and the Berta form this relationship. I love this bird. It's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The coolest lover, but it's almost like he like she's a two year old, you know, and she'll come and she literally will run from her house over to my house and walk like walk really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And she, you know, I'll let her in. But she always comes in wants to eat everything so chords and and you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: AND YOU KNOW SHE IS LIKE SHE'S SO PROTECTIVE you know over my partner. It's like he cannot come anywhere near me at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like she'll it's fly, Adam. She'll attack him. And so we just had this big, like I had her sitting here, over here on this table, and he came in and she knocked over a big huge soda.
Kiara O’Neil: All over the whole man.
Kiara O’Neil: Wow.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly like a two year old like you gotta watch every step. She bakes, and it's amazing to me though that you know they can talk
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, say, what are you doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know to ask me, What are you doing here.
Kiara O’Neil: I always wanted like a parrot or something like that, how to talk and I see like things like on social media and stuff like that, where there's birds that are talking. And I'm like,
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, I have a bird, you know, that pretty cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, she's pretty cool. Very much so. I love her. I know she doesn't like him, but that's okay. I get along great with her, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyway, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My computer got unplugged somehow and I'm looking at the battery going oh crap. I gotta
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I gotta figure out why my computer such our project. Oh no, that's what it was, was the bird.
Kiara O’Neil: The bird. Oh, of course.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, as a kid, right at the last minute to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was funny. Great day though.
Kiara O’Neil: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what's happening with everything silent and okay with communication with you and your partner.
Kiara O’Neil: Um, I think it's a lot better. Because like I don't know when I told you last time and stuff like that. But I think I did tell you that
Kiara O’Neil: He
Kiara O’Neil: Like I basically opened up to him and I told him I was like, I feel lonely and I feel like you're kind of like avoiding me and I even told I can feel like you don't actually love love me, or like you're in love with me. I just feel like
Kiara O’Neil: If you're in love with the idea of me, or you're comfortable and stuff like that and told them how like he when he comes home all he does is just go into the room and
Kiara O’Neil: Watch this, you know, kind of spending time with me and our kid and that kind of stuff. And he's made he's made a big improvement of trying to come out or, you know, you know, the kid is you know he's obviously watching his TV show on the TV and
Kiara O’Neil: Kind of running a muck a little bit, not just sitting down and paying attention to the TV, of course, so
Kiara O’Neil: When my husband's watching his TV shows on the iPad. He can't really hear
Kiara O’Neil: And he can't put headphones in. And it because I guess doesn't. It doesn't. You can't put headphones in it, I guess. So I told him I was like, you should get like some form of Bluetooth. So you can just stick it in your ear and then
Kiara O’Neil: You know, listen to it. That looks. I'm pretty sure it has a Bluetooth capability, it has to so I'm kind of spoke about that and
Kiara O’Neil: Yesterday, because he has a motorcycle.
Kiara O’Neil: He
Kiara O’Neil: Yesterday we like it was the first time I've ever been on the back of a motorcycle. I've always been released scared but prior to that about. So I think it was last
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, it was on Saturday, Sunday, but the weekend before that.
Kiara O’Neil: And he told me that I forgot exactly what it was, but what he what I said.
Kiara O’Neil: But he basically opened up to me is like, yeah I I dropped my motorcycle I hit somebody he, I guess the car in front of them.
Kiara O’Neil: It was a green light. And I guess they were going to turn or something. And my husband looked away and he basically on his motorcycle kind of bumped her car.
Kiara O’Neil: And hit her. Technically, but he didn't really like hitter hitter. He just bumped into her and he dropped his motorcycle and
Kiara O’Neil: He in that I guess that happened all the way in January and he didn't tell me about it. So I kind of like exploded and I was just like,
Kiara O’Neil: You didn't tell me about like you dropped your motorcycle and you technically hit somebody
Kiara O’Neil: And he said that there was no damages, if anything, there was more damage to his motorcycle because he dropped it. Of course, and the lady told them. She's like, well, I have to report it because it's you know company vehicle and stuff like that. So he had to do that and
Kiara O’Neil: He usually pays like all the bills and stuff like that so he knows how much things are normally and the car insurance and stuff like that is all under his name. Anyway, so he of course pays for it anyways but
Kiara O’Neil: He told me that they haven't like really
Kiara O’Neil: charged him with anything yet, because I cared. He paid for the year or something. So whenever the next billing cycle is where he has to pay for it.
Kiara O’Neil: He was like, yeah, I wasn't going to tell you about it because you know it was something really stupid and I was embarrassed about.
Kiara O’Neil: And when I kind of like exploded. He was like, why are you like, so like so mad like I didn't, I didn't get mad at you. Whenever you accidentally bumped into somebody for almost like the same thing and
Kiara O’Neil: Before like right before he was going to go on a bike ride. He tells me about him dropping his bike.
Kiara O’Neil: And hitting somebody and I kind of told I was like, why would you like keep me from that even though it's something so tiny.
Kiara O’Neil: And he told me about him like just being embarrassed by it and it was kind of to fit and stuff. But, you know, he went on his bike ride and I kind of like thought about it and I was a
Kiara O’Neil: Stupid that exploded and whatnot. But at least told him you know like sorry that I exploded on him and nobody's going to hit him or he's gonna die.
Kiara O’Neil: You know, so when he told me that I was just more worried about like when I was about something a lot worse like somebody actually did hit him.
Kiara O’Neil: And, you know, so I was upset over it. But when he came back I did apologize to him, which normally I wouldn't I just feel like that's what you get kind of thing.
Kiara O’Neil: No, that was pretty much that. And ever since then we've been good. So, um, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then so that's good.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah. And then on Saturday or no is Friday night I'm Lauren she texted me. And she kind of spoke. She spoke to you about everything, but
Kiara O’Neil: You know, like with their whole situation and stuff like that. I felt like I was like, I don't know how to really help. I didn't tell her that, but I was trying to help her, and
Kiara O’Neil: And I suggest. I was like, you really need to get ahold of like called bright heart and try to talk to Rebecca
Kiara O’Neil: About you know what's going on. And, you know, like, really need to talk to somebody, cuz she said that she basically
Kiara O’Neil: Was like, Oh, I just want to go out and get high and other that it out. And I'm like, I don't really deal with like situations like that, you know,
Kiara O’Neil: Because I was, I just want to say, Don't do that. Don't be stupid. You know, but I don't really know her fully well to be like, Don't be an idiot. Or, you know, I just
Kiara O’Neil: Didn't know exactly how to really handle the situation. So, you know, and then I messaged her on Saturday. I was like, Hey, how are you doing, how are you feeling and
Kiara O’Neil: Because I want. I was like, I don't know your whole situation and, you know, but I just want to make sure that you're okay. And, you know, make sure she didn't actually do anything and tried to see if she got ahold of you and
Kiara O’Neil: She didn't tell me that she did try to get ahold of you, she called bright art and they were able to get ahold of you and
Kiara O’Neil: All that kind of stuff. So
Kiara O’Neil: I don't really like being put in situations because I, I always want to be like the helper or the healer, but I don't always know how to really help and heal, like us, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that, you know, when it comes to something like that. It's just about listening and supporting her. You know what I mean. I mean, really, that's all that you can do. And, you know, you think about when you go to when you go to self help meetings and you're engaged with other people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you were sitting in that scenario.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And somebody said, You know, I feel like using, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is the the way to help them is by saying, you know, it's been my experience, when we, you know, start thinking about that when times are tough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And then you just kind of base it off of how you got through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It in your out of your story. You know, we all go through times in our life where life is so unbearable that we think that that you know will be is the solution. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The reality of it is, it is. It's not in our addiction will tell us that it is you know you don't want to feel this get out of this feeling for a little bit. But the problem with it is that, you know, it can cause us to spiral right back to where we came from.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It can cause
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: More havoc than what we are intending for is all we want to do is not feel
Kiara O’Neil: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but it it's waits for us. It's like that pain just kind of leads for us until we're sober and then we get it again. So however long you wind up, you know, relaxing and staying high for it waits for you till you're done.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, you know, like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil: The way that I was trying to like as as I when I was trying to tell her I was like, honestly, you don't want to do that. You don't want to throw all your time away and you know like you should do this for you, not for him kind of thing and
Kiara O’Neil: And then like it was like everything that I felt like everything that I was trying to suggest it was just kind of like shut down. Like, I don't care.
Kiara O’Neil: It's, you know, there's kind of like nothing to really fight for, you know, it's just like everything that I was kind of suggesting it was kind of more of like a shutdown and like
Kiara O’Neil: Almost kind of discouraging to me in a way, I don't know if that's the right word, but it was like everything that I was trying to do. It wasn't helping so I felt
Kiara O’Neil: Like helpless and like I didn't exactly like how to help and stop it because I'm saying I hate to be the one to try to help. And then her just basically blower sobriety over it.
Kiara O’Neil: And, you know, so I just wanted to help her, and
Kiara O’Neil: Then Sunday. I wanted to kind of touch bases with her again. But I was just like how you know like I'm just
Kiara O’Neil: You know, because my current situation is so shitty and I like and I still don't know the whole story. But she did give me a little bit of a glimpse of what was kind of going on and
Kiara O’Neil: You know, like, obviously I don't want her to relax because we're so close in a time and we were both like high for the same amount of time and you know have similar stories of that in life, the same stuff that we've been using. And, you know,
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's about just supporting her and listening. You know what I mean. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really because she's got to walk through, you know, just like all of us, we have to walk through our own stuff. And there are points in times when we're not going to hear what anybody else says, you know what I mean. But just her knowing that you're there. I'm here, I'm here to listen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's just what I got for you. You know what I mean. I really hope that you you choose something different, but I'm here. You're not alone. You know, is the basic of, you know, have that kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Support, you know, because you can't fix her she's got to walk through this path. You know what I mean herself. And she's got to realize that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, using isn't the answer, because it doesn't. Yeah, it's a short term fix for a long term problem.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, and I even told her I was like, even if you were to go out and get high. You have Suboxone in your system, and I tried to tell her I was like
Kiara O’Neil: If you've been taking your Suboxone you try to go out and get high.
Kiara O’Neil: It's not even get high. And if anything, there's a possibility of something even worse happening where you could possibly die. I mean, I know there's no oxygen in the Suboxone but I don't wait
Kiara O’Neil: You never know. It could fail of some sort. You know, like maybe she was to take a shit ton of bills and maybe the not locks in isn't strong enough or something, I don't know. So I told her I was like
Kiara O’Neil: Yes, I think much more worst could happen and you know she's like, well, it already happened, kind of thing, you know.
Kiara O’Neil: So I was just like, kind of like, I don't know how to do that. And you know, I just wanted to be like, I don't know what to tell you. But I didn't want to be rude and I didn't mean it like that strongly, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, AND THERE'S THERE'S NOTHING WRONG WITH YOU SOUND telling her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know how I can help you right now in the most. You know what I know is that I can, I can listen, I can be here for you. I support you know and listen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but I have no idea. I have no idea how to help you through this other than be here for you. You know what I mean. And just kind of leave it at that. Because again, she's got to walk through her own stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know she has to she has to get to the other side of it, just like we all do, and just not feeling like she's doing it by yourself. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I think is the whole idea of supporting somebody you know in their recovery when they're going through a hard time. It's like, you know, for me, I feel like it's the same thing as somebody that has lost somebody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, as far as dying those it's like we there's nothing we can say that's going to make the situation any better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. The only thing we can do is be their support and love them love them through it and let them know that they're not alone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's no different. In this scenario, she's got to do this whole full circle thing you know where she gets out of that catastrophic thinking and sees things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In a whole different light. But she has to go through this whole process. First, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, just like we all do. We've got our every single person has their own process and how they deal with things, you know, some people can deal with things by stuffing them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some people deal with things by using some people deal with things by sleeping for days on end, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But everybody has their own process. And you know, I think that that would be the best way for you to be able to support. It's just saying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have no idea what you know what to say right now, other than this is god awful and, you know, I apologize that you're going through this and how can I support you the best, you know. Yeah. And just kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, listening, leaving it at that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, and I did touch base with her yesterday so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was traveling over the weekend. So I was not near my phone or my computer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so I didn't get the message until
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: late Sunday, and I knew that I was going to see her Monday, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was glad that we are able to break off and and spend some time together yesterday so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll see. Yeah, she's going through a really tough time right now and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's just a horrible scenario so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll see what we can do as far as walking it through supporting her where she's at and helping her get, you know, to the other side of it, but I think the biggest thing is her just knowing that she's not alone, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely I you know when we lose somebody or we're going through a hard time in our life, we feel that there's no possible way, anybody can understand what we're going through, you know, grief, and has a way of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, there's a process, but then each person can bounce around in the processes, you know, and experience them in their own way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So everybody kind of experiences a little bit differently. There's no one set way that you should be going through it. You know, so I'm glad that you are there for, you know, and you know there when you don't know what to do. It's there's nothing wrong with saying I have no idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know how to how I can help you. And I want to help you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so the most I can do at this point is listen, it'd be here. No, you're not alone, you know,
Kiara O’Neil: Cuz like I did want to tell her, like, I'm sorry, I don't know what to do. But I didn't want to like
Kiara O’Neil: Think, or I didn't want to make it seem like I just didn't want to help her that, you know, I was being rude or like brushing her off or something, you know, so
Kiara O’Neil: But like some of the stuff that you said like just letting her know that you know she's not alone. And I'm here to listen and, you know, because I even told her I was like, if I live closer i'd like you know either come to you or code to me, even the whole quarantine thing. You know, like
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, you know, besides that, but you know, it's like, I don't want anything bad to happen because you know she lived in Sacramento or whatever or
Kiara O’Neil: You know, close to Sacramento, then I'd just be like, I'll go hang out with you and kind of take your mind off of you know that for a couple hours or something and just kind of be with her to kind of also kind of help us prevent from going out and
Kiara O’Neil: You know, trying to find out, you know, so
Kiara O’Neil: But living far away that's it's pretty difficult. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. It's not like it. Yeah, it's not like you just hop in your car and run over there. So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, again, just support or that's it you know let her know she's not alone. You're here to listen and just try to give her you know that support. You want to make sure that you do it with boundaries. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that you keep yourself safe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And keep yourself, your sobriety secure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But there's nothing wrong with you know with listening.
Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil: And then another thing that happened is
Kiara O’Neil: Actually today because I think I met anything. I don't know if I told you, or not, but the person is supposed to be kind of like my best friend. We were friends for years and then
Kiara O’Neil: We had a falling out for about a year and then like about a year ago, we started to hang out again and talk and become close again and be best friends and stuff like that. But she was always kind of just really
Kiara O’Neil: Like a really shitty friend type of thing. You know, like she was horrible at communicating. Like if I would talk to her, she would like not messaged me for
Kiara O’Neil: A couple hours. Few hours are pretty much the whole day or she had messaged me the next day. Oh, sorry. I was busy and there was always some kind of like, you know, like, half ass excuse. So, whatnot and
Kiara O’Neil: It was two weeks before her birthday her birthday was March forth
Kiara O’Neil: We like stop talking and then I she because she had a new phone. And she hasn't had like cell phone service for a few years now for probably like two to three years.
Kiara O’Neil: So she finally got a phone number and we were talking and stuff like that for about a month or so and then about two weeks before her birthday.
Kiara O’Neil: And I was like texting or like for here and there and she just stopped like she just didn't reply back. So I was like, Okay, whatever. So I finally messaged her on Facebook and she
Kiara O’Neil: Feels like, Oh, you were trying to message me or you trying to talk to me. I was like,
Kiara O’Neil: Well, yeah, because we really talk every day, and sometimes all day. So it's like, of course I was trying to talk to you, you know,
Kiara O’Neil: And she's ago. Sorry. And it was like some stupid exclusive like oh sorry, I was my son got ahold of my charger and
Kiara O’Neil: You know, he was playing Plato and he stuck the charger and the Plato and there's Plato inside the little socket TO PLUG IT IN YOUR PHONE AND SHE'S LIKE, I'M USING MY TABLET now or my iPad.
Kiara O’Neil: And I like you could have messaged like I felt like you could have still made an effort to message me because you have Facebook and we used a message on Facebook Messenger all the time like she's still could have like messaged me so it was like a day or two before her actual birthday.
Kiara O’Neil: I you know messenger all that and then on our actual birthday kind of contemplated it all day because I was kind of like you know her, or just kind of like upset that she would just feel like you're trying to get ahold of me type of thing.
Kiara O’Neil: Was done you know supposed to be my best friend supposed to always be there for me and I'm always there for you. Anyways, and
Kiara O’Neil: I contemplated all day telling her happy birthday. And I was like, I'm just going to say happy birthday. I don't want to be like that and
Kiara O’Neil: You know, hold a grudge over that thing and we spoke a little bit for maybe like 10 or 15 minutes, you know, back and forth at the text and or on the Facebook Messenger. And then pretty much ever since her birthday, she hasn't tried to reach out to me once, and then
Kiara O’Neil: It gets a little confusing so
Kiara O’Neil: Me and her our friends, but her ex boyfriend, the ex boyfriend is friends with my husband. So, um, and then her ex boyfriend James now has a girlfriend Kelly and
Kiara O’Neil: They've been together for like maybe a year or so. And me and colleague, we've talked and stuff like that because you know
Kiara O’Neil: James and Cali and Kevin. My husband and me, we you know we hang out. We talk and stuff like that.
Kiara O’Neil: So we're friends and whatnot. Well, she told me she's like yeah, James is up in Chico. That's where my ex boyfriend lives, you know, visiting
Kiara O’Neil: His son because the whole coronavirus thing a, blah, blah. And she's like yeah and Ashley my best friend.
Kiara O’Neil: And she said that she was pregnant, and I was like, again, she didn't even tell me she was freaking pregnant, but I do remember a couple of months ago.
Kiara O’Neil: She was saying that she was hella sick and you know that was kind of like one of her excuses of why she wasn't messaging me and I was like, You should really take a pregnancy test and
Kiara O’Neil: All that kind of stuff. But again, I was kind of like shocked but also kind of like upset that she wouldn't like messaged me and be like, Hey, I'm pregnant or anything like that. So,
Kiara O’Neil: I was kind of like bothered by that, like she wouldn't even tell me about that and but about a month ago or so, a couple weeks after I kind of already let go. The fact of being friends with her even though we're friends on Facebook still
Kiara O’Neil: But even prior to that, like I always see her with her other supposed best friend. You know, like, though.
Kiara O’Neil: You know my it's French will post something and then this other friend Taylor that she was friends with longer and
Kiara O’Neil: They'll always have like little things and like little jokes and, you know, like, she'll always chat with them and I see her like her friends post and stuff like that all the time and
Kiara O’Neil: All that kind of stuff. And with this expression that I had that we're supposed to be best friends like more friends and this other girl.
Kiara O’Neil: Like she always talks and you know jokes around with her and stuff on Facebook, but she never
Kiara O’Neil: You know liked any of my pictures of my son, or like cheese to do that kind of stuff before. And she hasn't done that in the past year that we've kind of become friends again so
Kiara O’Neil: I kind of just let go to the fact of just being friends with her. And I'm like, I'm just done with it. And now she knows, like all of my secrets and all the details and stuff. But you know, I just kind of like living forget type of thing, I guess so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when's the last time that you talked to her.
Kiara O’Neil: On March forth
Kiara O’Neil: So it's been about a month and a half, I believe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're not you're not curious about what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Happened and why the turnaround.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, like, I mean, I do. I'm like, I wonder why she stopped talking to me and why she doesn't talk to me now. Like, I don't know if it's something that I said, or something that I did, or
Kiara O’Neil: Like I don't I don't understand it. I guess that's the part that I'm really confused about because
Kiara O’Neil: Again, I always I'm always there for her. I always talk to her, make sure she's okay and you know, all that kind of stuff. But, you know,
Kiara O’Neil: I guess I am pretty like
Kiara O’Neil: I guess confused.
Kiara O’Neil: Because I even looked at our messages. And I'm like,
Kiara O’Neil: What is she so like, what did I say but I read everything. And I'm like, I don't see anything that's like offensive or anything. And I kind of thought about, like, Maybe she just asked her, or just maybe even need be the one. Be like, Hey, what's up, and
Kiara O’Neil: You know, get in contact with her. But I'm always the one that gets in contact with her. I'm always the one that starts the conversations, you know, so it's like I'm just done trying and
Kiara O’Neil: She's also just a really negative person. She's also the one that kind of threw like a little hissy fit whenever Dr Nasser prescribed me
Kiara O’Neil: The muscle relaxers for my neck when I had really bad neck pain and she's just like, you're going to start using those and you're just trading one diction for another and done it at a dad, but that was like probably a month and a half or so, like,
Kiara O’Neil: You know, after all that happened that we were still talking, you know, so it was just like a like a one time, kind of like a bigger slash fight type thing. And then it was like over, but we still
Kiara O’Neil: Talked and we were still conversation like everything was still normal. The next day, you know. So I don't think that was that. But I just think that overall, she's kind of like
Kiara O’Neil: She is like a pretty jealous person and I could see her why she would be pretty jealous of me because I mean I know she says, Well, I wish I could do that or you know like she was says stuff like that where I know
Kiara O’Neil: I just kind of know that she's jealous of me. You know, it's kind of sad and I don't want to think like that, but
Kiara O’Neil: I just know she is jealous of me because you know she like I had a boob job done last year. She's always wanted a boob job. I always wanted with job since I was like 15 or 16 years old.
Kiara O’Neil: And I finally got one done last year and I obviously have like a good job. And we don't live you know necessarily paycheck to paycheck and we still have money earner savings account and everything that
Kiara O’Neil: Like hate to say, but like, it's like everything that I have, it's like kind of like what she wants.
Kiara O’Neil: You know, and she's also very
Kiara O’Neil: I guess like mentally unstable. You know, like she always thinks her boyfriends, you know, in general, like all the boyfriends that she asked you always thinks that they're all out there cheating on her and they all laughed suspicious and all that kind of stuff. So
Kiara O’Neil: I don't know. She's just a really difficult person to kind of be friends with like
Kiara O’Neil: She also told me before. Like, she said, I don't understand why people don't like me or you know I can never keep friends and I've always just wanted to tell her I'm like, well, you suck at technical people bad
Kiara O’Neil: You're never really there for people, you know, like I just wish I could tell her the real stuff, but I don't want to sound like a bitch, or be mean or rude to her so
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, say that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable. Yeah, it's probably not a good idea and let her, you know, kind of figure it out, or both.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, it sounds like she's upset over something. I don't know what but
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, and I know she's also really depressed kind of person, like I think she definitely has like like being bipolar and also kind of
Kiara O’Neil: Borderline Personality Disorder. I know, I know she definitely has like health issues like that mental health issues and I always tell her I'm like you really need to you know get in touch with your therapist or and, you know, talk to her, and she always has this thing where it's like
Kiara O’Neil: She doesn't want to be on medications and stuff like that or like sometimes just talking about it isn't always enough. Sometimes you need
Kiara O’Neil: Like something to help you and like help balance you out and stuff, you know,
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, she's also always afraid of becoming fat and I know she has like kind of like body dysmorphia and stuff like that. So I've always tried to help her out. And we're like, we're very similar people in a way, but there's still things where it's like we're not
Kiara O’Neil: We're not exactly alike, but we have a lot of stuff in common. And, you know, all that kind of stuff. So
Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it hurts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you know just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Decided not to text, not to engage anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil: I mean, I like her, as in like sad kind of her but
Kiara O’Neil: Like normally because like the first time it happened, I was just like, you know, like for her, like, I hate her. You know, I went to the whole I guess like stages of
Kiara O’Neil: Maybe like a breakup type of thing or first I was like angry or pissed off at her and then I was just really sad about it and
Kiara O’Neil: You know, that kind of stuff. And the second time around, like I was just like, All right, well, if you want to be my friend. I don't care. I've already done this before, like
Kiara O’Neil: Or we've done this before with each other where you know we don't talk anymore. And we're just not really friends and, you know, so this time around. It was a lot easier to kind of get over and
Kiara O’Neil: I mean, I'm like, I feel like I'm like I don't really care. It might sound like a character say talk about it but like I just told my husband. I think like a week or so ago.
Kiara O’Neil: I was like, you know, just like those like random fact time and I was like a total of, like, I haven't talked to Ashley and like
Kiara O’Neil: You know, a month. They were like basically since her birthday, he's like really like yeah, he's like, okay, he's like,
Kiara O’Neil: How are you feeling about that. And I was like, I don't really care, you know, she's a shitty friend and
Kiara O’Neil: All that kind of stuff. He's like, well not really shocked because ever since I became her friend again.
Kiara O’Neil: And because another thing is is that we would always plan for me to come up there to Chico to hang out with her and me spend the weekend and you know just hanging out with her and have a grand old time and she at the very last minute like you can't come up
Kiara O’Neil: You know, like there was always some kind of excuse. And another thing is that I think she's just really jealous, is that
Kiara O’Neil: One time I guess her boyfriend. Like, for some reason, she asked the stupid question like, oh, we if you had the chance, would you do something with Chiara like would you ever, you know, have sex with her.
Kiara O’Neil: He's like, yeah, she's pretty and they like basically said like, yeah, I do suffer her type of thing. And it's like you kind of walk yourself into it and now your butt hurt because you're the one that asked him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, yeah.
Kiara O’Neil: You know, every time I went up there. I wasn't allowed to talk to her boyfriend because she was so damn jealous that, you know, even if we were just having a normal conversation just like me and you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She would
Kiara O’Neil: He's flirting with me or I'm flirting with him. And it's like I'm having a conversation with him. It's not like I'm acting like you know like I want to like hook up with him and
Kiara O’Neil: Be his best friend and you know so she was just always jealous of me and
Kiara O’Neil: She would kind of tell me about it, stuff like that. And I knew she'd be upset because she does like this, she has like a certain look when she's like upset like her lips get really tight and kind of like small and
Kiara O’Neil: She kind of like breeds weird and you know like I know when she's upset. So whenever she would do that. And it's like every time that I'd go up there.
Kiara O’Neil: She would always like be like crazy and she'd like run up the stairs and she's like, You can fuck and have him and data got it up just going like crazy over it and then like
Kiara O’Neil: We were just talking and a half. We were all three having a conversation. It's not like I'm writing like twirling my hair and like mesmerizing and all that kind of crap. So I don't know. She's just cuckoo.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Crazy but you know it does sound like she's got a lot of issues.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what
Kiara O’Neil: I told her I was like, You need to get hope, you know, not in like a rude way but you need to like work on yourself and
Kiara O’Neil: Be strong for yourself and you know just work on yourself and your mental health because it's so important. And she's like, Yeah, yeah, I know. But then wouldn't really follow through with it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I know, but I'm not gonna do anything about it. Yeah, comfortable where I'm at. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And yeah, it's good that you've made a choice. You know what I mean, and how do you get along with the new with the new girlfriend.
Kiara O’Neil: Um, well, we've been friends like basically ever since.
Kiara O’Neil: She got together with James. We've been we're actually pretty cool word she she is like, I think she's like 19 years old or some so she's
Kiara O’Neil: About 10 years younger than me, which I don't really care about. Because even my ex girlfriend, she's I think like five years older than me or so, maybe, something like that for five years. So I don't know. I've always gotten along with people who are younger than me and
Kiara O’Neil: She's really really mature for her age. So
Kiara O’Neil: When we talk and we always talk like she was like, because she also works for the VA to she works at the major location in primary care and I work in primary care to
Kiara O’Neil: So like, I'll ask her questions and trust me questions but she'll also just ima and be like, Hey, how's it going, and you know, so she's a lot better of a friend, I guess, then you know the other one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really cool, though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what about your dad. How's everything with your dad.
Kiara O’Neil: And he's, he's good. The only thing is, is that a few days ago, I think it was on
Kiara O’Neil: Sunday or Saturday, you know, it was Saturday and we woke up in the morning, everything was all fine. And I was like, Hey, Dad. You mind watching Kilian while we encounter and go grocery shopping
Kiara O’Neil: With you know his mom. And he's like, Yeah, sure. I got that. And you know he was all fine and dandy. And then when we got home he look like he was really tired and just kind of out of it.
Kiara O’Neil: And he's like, I'm gonna go down, or I'm going to go lay down in the bedroom and
Kiara O’Neil: It just kind of rest because I'm exhausted, you know, which I understand he's like 68 years old and you know it's a lot to handle for a few hours so
Kiara O’Neil: He went in the room and he fell asleep. He took a nap for like two or three hours, and I woke them up because my husband made dinner he made some steak. My dad love steak. So,
Kiara O’Neil: I went in there and woke them up and put us food down on those little
Kiara O’Neil: Was called like a TV dinner trade type thing. The little wooden things you fold out
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, put it on there and then like maybe 10 or 15 minutes minutes later he came in, or came out of the room, and he's like, can you make me some soup. I was like, Yeah, sure what's going on. Do you not feel alone. He's like, I just feel really out of it and kind of don't feel good and
Kiara O’Neil: I was like, Yeah, sure. So I made him some and then he just had the door shut, and just children as room for the rest of the night, and then
Kiara O’Neil: He woke up.
Kiara O’Neil: The next morning and late in the morning and he I came out he was talking to me and he seemed a lot better. And I asked him how he's feeling and stuff. And because I can, I feel good and
Kiara O’Neil: He's like, when did you bring me dinner last night and I was like, I brought it in about 10 or 15 minutes before I brought in your soup.
Kiara O’Neil: He's like, really. I don't remember that was like yeah I brought it into. And he's like, I woke you up and he was just kind of like he's just been really forgetful.
Kiara O’Neil: And he kind of told me he's like, Yeah, it's weird because sometimes I wake up in the night, and I'll just wake up and I don't know where I'm at. And I'm very confused and
Kiara O’Neil: You know, this and that and I kind of feel like I don't know if he's like getting dementia or Alzheimers or something but
Kiara O’Neil: There's times where all like talk to him and then like 30 minutes later, he'll like retail the same statement or the same stories. If I didn't he just didn't tell me about it. So he's kind of like making me worry
Kiara O’Neil: And I know diabetic and sometimes when his blood sugar gets too low or maybe even too high, it usually gets more low because he doesn't eat you know he's diabetic. He's insulin dependent. So
Kiara O’Neil: I asked him, I was like, how was your blood sugar last night. He's like, it was fine. It was slightly high, but it wasn't like low or new like to to lower
Kiara O’Neil: You know, because normally when it gets too low, that's usually when he gets confused and he starts dropping stuff. And he becomes very clumsy and stuff, but he said his blood sugar was like at 130, which I think is a little bit high, but it's not horribly hot
Kiara O’Neil: He told me that because he takes tutor for insolence. He takes one he takes every day. And then he takes this other one that he takes once a week.
Kiara O’Neil: And he tells me that usually when he takes the one that's once a week, and always make some kind of feel sick.
Kiara O’Neil: So whenever I brought him the soup. And then I spoke to him the next day. He's like, Yeah, I don't know. I felt, you know, sick and I my
Kiara O’Neil: Dad, you've told me before that whenever you take that, you know, once a week, insolent, it always makes you feel sick. He's like, Oh yeah, I forgot. But, you know, like his hearing is going and it's like I had to basically scream at him and
Kiara O’Neil: He also like I'll talk to him, and then he like doesn't comprehend what I'm saying. And he'll either kind of just not as head or just act kind of confused. But he doesn't want to like really feel like what, but
Kiara O’Neil: It will be all like, Can you repeat that I what do you mean, you know, like he gets really confused. So I don't know. I'm getting like worried because he's getting old, of course, and
Kiara O’Neil: I don't know, I just like I know he's had health issues before and he's really stubborn. He does. I used to go to all of his doctor's appointments with him since I was like 18 and then once I got with my husband. I stopped going to is much less and less and less and
Kiara O’Neil: About a year or so ago. He told me he's like yeah
Kiara O’Neil: They I had like some kind of testing done and they thought I had like leukemia or something. Or like, I don't know. I don't think it was like the beginning stages leukemia or
Kiara O’Neil: He basically just brought up something about leukemia and just kind of like brushed it off. And I was like, Dad. That's something important. You know, just brush that off, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Kiara O’Neil: And I always tell him I was like you know about is how my dad, you really need to like, you know, bump up your health. And I kind of do it to kind of like kind of be encouraging to him.
Kiara O’Neil: Um,
Kiara O’Neil: You know, like bring my son into it. You know, I'm like, Dad, you want to make sure you're healthy and you're living you know because you have a grandson now and he really loves you and I hate for you just to
Kiara O’Neil: You know, pass away because you're not you're not doing something so simple, like eating and taking your insulin and, you know, just simple, easy to do. Yeah, I'd like just take care of yourself and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, he
Kiara O’Neil: Like in the past year he has been, you know, you know, a lot of improvement. You know, I told him I was like, you need to really go see like an endocrinologist or whoever deals with, you know, like the insulin or liver or kidneys, or whoever, whatever and just is, you know, and
Kiara O’Neil: I know that he had one of his packets
Kiara O’Neil: That had like a list of all of his problems and I saw one of the things on there. And I guess it said he has some like a
Kiara O’Neil: Like something with his liver. I think there's like a mass or something, his liver or
Kiara O’Neil: You know, it's like something that's kind of concerning and I don't. Hundred percent know the story, and if I try to ask him about something. He's like, I don't know. I don't remember like he kind of just brushes it off. Like, if it's not important or again. He probably just doesn't know or
Kiara O’Neil: He hasn't. Remember, so he kind of concerns me but
Kiara O’Neil: He also told me like one of the stories like on, I think it was Sunday. He told me that he's like yeah they bumped up my OxyContin to the 20 milligrams. And I was like,
Kiara O’Neil: Oh my god, Dan, you know, like, are they pumping it up again type of thing. Yeah, he, that was another thing, or I think it was. He told me the story on Friday. I think that's what it was and and then on Sunday when we were able to talk
Kiara O’Neil: He's like, I don't know why. So out of it. I wasn't feeling good and he was trying to return to like figure out what was kind of like, you know, the culprit of it, I was like, well,
Kiara O’Neil: Because I know towards the end before they gave him the 20 milligrams of the oxy cotton. They told him that he could double up on the pills and he was taking 210s instead of the one just the 120 before he got them and
Kiara O’Neil: When I asked him, I was like, Well, did you, you know, did you take your any of your OxyContin or anything because he just started the dosage of it.
Kiara O’Neil: And on Friday. And then the next day, that's when he started to feel sick. So I was like, Did you accidentally take two of the 20 milligrams. And he's like,
Kiara O’Neil: Possibly. I don't know. I don't remember that. And
Kiara O’Neil: Because normally he organized like you know I would organize his pills for him and stuff like that. And he hasn't been organizing as pills, so
Kiara O’Neil: My husband has helped him out with it, but my, my dad, he does it, he kind of feels like he's a burden, like he doesn't want to ask for too too much help with like certain things so
Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil: Like I told him, because I guess when he had the 10 milligrams and then the 20 milligrams. My dad also has really bad site to he's kind of like colorblind, I guess. And I guess when you look at the pills of the tensor white and then the 20s there ever so slightly pink. So it's like
Kiara O’Neil: You could, I mean with his eyes. He thinks that they're both the same thing. I mean, they look identical except it's slightly pink like a very pale pink and then it has a 20 on it. He can't read the numbers on it so I could see him accidentally taking two of those. So
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, I just wish that he didn't necessarily take those and I've expressed to him was I really wish you didn't have to take those and because I know whenever I took those a lot in the past that.
Kiara O’Neil: Like it mess with my memory. So I can only imagine what it's doing to him if he already has.
Kiara O’Neil: Memory problems.
Kiara O’Neil: Probably really messing with his damn memory.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil: Also another thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's definitely that could be a definitely a factor why his memory is so
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, a skewed right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I tell you,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Man room. Are you planning on going to his next appointment with them.
Kiara O’Neil: Well I, I do. Or he does have an appointment. It's like on May 12 or 13th. I put it in my phone, but he's supposed to get like an injection in his back, like an epidural, or something. So I have to be is right for that.
Kiara O’Neil: But I'm almost thinking about
Kiara O’Neil: Requesting his medical records because I'm on
Kiara O’Neil: His list of people
Kiara O’Neil: Able to kind of like speak for him. And, you know, for all of his things. Emily says number one person, so I should have access to all that stuff. So
Kiara O’Neil: I'm almost thinking about requesting his records and then seeing exactly what is all going on with him like things that he hasn't told me about
Kiara O’Neil: And maybe possibly seeing if I can have like an appointment with his primary care doctor, you know, to kind of talk to them and
Kiara O’Neil: Figure out, there's something that my dad's not telling me like he doesn't want to tell me because my dad is the type of person where if he does have cancer. He's not going to tell anybody because he doesn't want anybody to worry about him.
Kiara O’Neil: So I don't know what could be going on with his health and also I would I have questions about, like, if he could possibly have Alzheimers or you know dimentia
Kiara O’Neil: I'm not really sure exactly what it could be. I don't even really know the difference between old timers and dementia. I just know they both affect your memory and stuff. So I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, they do. Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I hope that you go to his appointment and and figure it out, you know, and be the best supportive person that you can be. And because I know that's exactly who you are, you know, yeah, definitely, and with with Lauren, you know, just, just listen, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just be a friend and listen. That's all you can do for you know, right now I'm validating how she feels, you know,
Kiara O’Neil: Definitely. Then another good thing is just one more thing before we go. I've been doing meetings like probably like five or six times. Like sometimes even like two to three.
Kiara O’Neil: A day I just do the virtual appointments. I go in the meeting guide app and you know is so much more easier because I don't have to, you know, take time to go drive somewhere and
Kiara O’Neil: You know, it's so much easier to do. Like, I finally got this feeling of being able to do all my meetings online and stuff on all on zoom
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So nice.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, so it's been pretty good. I actually really, really like it and
Kiara O’Neil: You know, you obviously have the option to mute yourself and turn off the video. So sometimes if I'm cooking, you know, I could still listen to people and
Kiara O’Neil: You know sometimes people will call on me and you know I can, you know, tap in for a second. Same whatever I want to say, if I'm comfortable talking about it and then kind of back out, but still listen, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which makes it way cool.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah.
Kiara O’Neil: It's like you don't know, making dinner and
Kiara O’Neil: You know, nobody knows what I'm doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. It makes a difference. And you're still feeding your brain. You know what I mean. Recovery based stuff. Awesome. I'm so glad you're doing that. That's really, really cool. And I'm glad that you like it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's important. Definitely. Have you been hearing some good stuff.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, and they they definitely have like different like I know there's this one it's every night at nine o'clock at night.
Kiara O’Neil: And it's called
Kiara O’Neil: When we retire at night and it's every day at nine o'clock 9pm. So if I'm not able to do like a six, seven or eight o'clock one I can. I know the one the numbers to that one because it saves in the zoom, like the previous you know whatever is but
Kiara O’Neil: It's kind of good to just do that and you do like a meditation thing for like five or 10 minutes before everybody starts talking so
Kiara O’Neil: When that usually happens, I kind of stopped and I go outside where there's no like noise or TV and I kind of close my eyes and we do whatever the little meditation thing is, and it's kind of like, like a calming down thing like when we retire at night so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's really cool.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I like that very, very much. Awesome. I'm so glad you're doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, very, very, very impressed very impressed. Good stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just key only when it. You know what I mean.
Kiara O’Neil: Yeah, only thing is that I I'm I saw
Kiara O’Neil: Finally found a way we can look at the ones for, I guess, for na and kind of like one of my little goals is that I want to try to actually try to find the swing of doing the NA meetings because I would really like to kind of do that too. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, perfect virtual na is the one that I came across, I haven't went in, yet I should go in and actually go through all the steps.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And again, the ones that I saw.
Kiara O’Neil: Like when you look at the thing there still be like a link at the bottom, or like towards the bottom of it.
Kiara O’Neil: But every time I've gone on there. It looks like. Well, the page that it will like take me to or that I've searched through it always has like times but it says like
Kiara O’Neil: PST or ESP, you know, like Pacific or Eastern and on my house. The right time frame and with me being like an impatient about it. I'm like, I'd rather just hop on just doing a but I want to try to actually like do that.
Kiara O’Neil: One at least once, and see how that what is
Kiara O’Neil: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. Well, let me know how that works out. And if you like it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Definitely. And I will see you in group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and keep doing what you're doing here you doing awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. You know that, right.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. You're doing a great, great job. Just keep doing what you're doing. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, and I will see you in a couple days.
Kiara O’Neil: Alright, sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you have a great, great, great night. All right.
Kiara O’Neil: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK. OK, I will talk to you later.
Kiara O’Neil: All right, bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye. Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Good. I need to go. I'm going to go out on the front porch, I guess.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: My son, my son's house and my daughter in law invited me over for dinner john
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, nice.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm a family.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yes, he in
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: The pool guys here. And then, and he's been out there trying to cut a one of those solar covers you know
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: To
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Try to cut it to
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Work.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Around
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Over
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: But Sean was in jumping in the pool, a minute ago with all his clothes on trying to do something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: How you doing, so I I'm good, I'm good. I still been sick. No, and I don't know what's wrong with me. I mean, I'm not sick, but I still haven't felt like
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: You know,
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: up to par.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Uh huh. So
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: What have you been experiencing.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: bad constipation. I guess I've been constipated for like two, three weeks now.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: And I don't know why. And I'm wondering why would if it was a medicine. Why would it wait three months and then I get constipated.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Did you anything change in your medication.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Many new
Things.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: No, no, except for that.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Things thing that they're given me the antibiotic.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: It's called macro bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wonder if. How long have you been on that.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I'm
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: About as long as I've been having bad problems.
Haha
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I didn't even think of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cause
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's funny because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Most common side effects.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: nausea, headache,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gas
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: For a macro beer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 1%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see less common adverse events occurring at less than 1% of those taking the drug includes gastrointestinal diarrhea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just Pepsi abdominal pain, constipation,
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah, I guess I'm the less than 1% got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A neurologic neurologic a causes dizziness drowsiness.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it has some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definite some side effects. Common side effects of macro bid, nausea, vomiting, upset stomach.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rust colored or brownish Aaron.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Headaches
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, that is chain or discharge.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've got one. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At least. So it's, you know, it definitely can cause
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Constipation
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah, I called
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: The whatever clinic today to see, you know, to see if they could get in touch with Dr. Chris to get me something for constipation. But I've already drank a big one of those bottles of magnesium
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I did that. A few days ago, and then it relieved me a little bit, and then it plugged right back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what am I being constipated.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I do, too, have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just a world of feeling bloated feeling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't get plenty of water.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, I
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah I eat cereal, like every night I dates.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: figs. I eat fiber. So it's not that. And I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long much longer do you have to be on that antibiotic.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Just another day, I think. And then I go to the follow up. Dr. On Thursday, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I'm going to tell them, it didn't really help them much I'm still having like symptoms but
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Antibiotics
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is bad
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I know my sister, what really worries me is my sister has been real sick, too. And she's in the nursing home.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Uh huh. And they haven't done anything for her at all, nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like not
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Calling down there and telling them, she's sick and she's sick. And she said, and they haven't done anything
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: So I don't know if they will or not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well they the nursing home. Don't they have nurses on on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so and so they monitor her and watch her and
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Supposedly supposedly I
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I would be worried too. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's my understanding. I don't know how it is in California, but I do know that in Oregon. If the person request to be taken to the doctors
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They have to take. Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they can't deny him. I know that that's true in Oregon. I don't know if it's true in California, but I would assume that it would be, you know, the same yes there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's there. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I did 100
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah I know one of their HIPAA rides or whatever. I don't know. Yeah, but I know I'm gonna, I know this one girl named Suzanne used her iPhone and FaceTime in with her last Sunday. So that's the only time I've seen her in a month. And she's not looking so hot, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's in New Mexico, too.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah, maybe I can call that girl Suzanne and asked her, you know that. Put in a request for some blood work or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be checked out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see what's going on with her.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I'm sorry, Sandy. That sucks. You can't just go, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not accepting any visitors.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: New suffer. I know the code to get in the door and I felt like just go in and put in the code and and going down there myself. Anyway, the other day, and then finally that lady Suzanne called me back and face time with my sister and then I felt better about it, you know, after that, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Wow. Gosh, but isn't one thing, it's something else on
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah, but I'm doing really good
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I'm
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: My son's house today.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Good day.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: My daughter and Monique picked this out. She's a box and everything, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: It's real nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Got a palm tree, and my background now to you.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: And yours is real. Mine isn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It looks like you have good weather there today.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Oh yeah, it's a little windy, but it's really nice here. It's beautiful. I love this place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's cool. Very, very cool.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you just been trudging along and go into your meetings in contact with your sponsor and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep going to work. How's things at work.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Good real good plugging along
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: There's not a whole lot to do. So I sit there all day long on on Facebook and post houses for sale for era Simmons real estate.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: You should check out my page.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go check out the houses that I'm posting for sale. It's pretty cool.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Like one or something, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just some activity, please.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh. But everything's been going good. No issues. Everything's good.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah, everything's been really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If any
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: really blessed
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything come up with your other son.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing's been good.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about the lady at work.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Oh, she loves me now.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I think what it was is I had to stand up to, you know, and it may not have been for myself.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: But I stood up for that other girl.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah, and she knows that I'm not gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: put up with it.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah, treated like that that's there's no cause for that. I don't treat people like that. I don't expect people to treat me bad
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's good. So that's been resolved.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Everything's going real good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. I hope to God that that this stomach issue goes away. Once you don't have to have that medicine or maybe you know they can change it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know something
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah, I'm, I'm almost I'm going to tell you what I'm not. I don't think I'm going to take any more of it. I've been on antibiotics for
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: A 12 days that's enough.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I'm not taking any more 12 days is planning. It's not helping me that much for me to keep digging it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah. What do you want it for. Can I ask
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: a urinary tract infection.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I needed like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, your kidney stones. How's that those been
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I don't know, man.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I go, the doctor Thursday.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I guess we'll see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you past any that you've seen
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Know that I know of that. I mean, if this stuff is dissolving them, how will I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How would you know yeah
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah, I never even knew her last time that I passed them, you know, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The pain in your stomach.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I didn't. Yeah. I mean, it went away. Eventually, but I didn't know when I passed my last kidney stones. I didn't even know about when I did that. So I don't know. I didn't think I would know I when I pass these either
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I mean, it's a pain gone now in your stomach.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you were having
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's still there.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So something's not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working right
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah, so I'm going back to the him on Thursday. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, cool.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, and so you're just not going to take any more of the antibiotics.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: No, I don't mean it, take it that anymore. I've taken it long enough.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Well, I hope that it resolves the issue, you know, hold
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Me to it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that's definitely an issue.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And especially if the magnesium is not helping at all.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I know
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I'm taking well i well i i took the long bottle of liquid. And then I went and got some bottles of some soft gel caps and I took three or four of them yesterday 400 milligram
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Didn't
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: And then I
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Asked you to 400 milligrams so far today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Still nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you ever you've had a colonoscopy. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you know that drink that they give you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's what you need.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: That's exactly what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Know, after on Thursday. Hey, do you think you could schedule me for a colonoscopy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It'll go one, what do you, what do you think you can prescribe me the medicine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that right knee cleansing stuff.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: That you do exactly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As it works.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so are you resting and just taking it easy. And when you're feeling tired, are you still doing that. Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I'm not really going and laying down at work anymore. But I mean, today I kind of started you know not feeling good and I was going to. I mean, nobody's telling me I can't. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: You know, but I haven't been meeting today so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's an improvement.
Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Yes.
Definitely
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: So you go to the doctors on Thursday and hopefully by Danny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I can't. I can't.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can't promote you stopping your antibiotic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I can't do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I'm hoping that the next couple days resolves
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your side effects, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you would have experienced if it was from, you know, the other medication, you would have experienced it all along, it wouldn't have been something that just popped.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Up unless your dose was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Raised but you're just hasn't been raised.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: No, yeah, I know exactly
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: I know this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Other stuff. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, well, I'll let me show
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Alright. Have a good evening. Thanks for your time. I appreciate you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am here. Don't forget
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Anything that you want to process through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. I am right here.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Right on, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: To know. Okay. All right. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How about with your family.
SAMSUNG-SM-N950U: Things. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay you bye